Mr. Chen
This time I came to Binhai
Just to avenge my brother
Please hand over the ticket to me quickly
Otherwise, my Kyoto Zhao family will never give up
Yes, Grandpa Sun, you'd better hand him over.
So as not to cause trouble, hahahaha.
The Zhao family in Kyoto is so majestic
But this is Binhai, not Kyoto
I won't let you go wild
Chen Xiaodao is the son-in-law of my Sun family
I didn't expect to have to ask my Sun Jiatong if he agrees
Go slowly
waste things
Wait for me.
Grandpa Sun, why do you think this is necessary?
Hey, Mr. Zhao, oops, hahahaha.
The second brother of the Zhao family died in Binhai
This might have something to do with the knife
The Zhao family sent someone to find trouble with the knife
I drove him away.
But it looks like they won't give up.
Hahaha, this little brat, he
He never stopped. He doesn't care. He knows
My grandson Chen Zhongzhong
That's not who bullies and bullies
What is the mere Zhao family?
It's not enough for him, hahahaha.
What the old brother said is right?
This Zhao family is really blind
What do you think you should provoke this kid for? Hahahaha.
The knife is
Binhai will definitely give you a lot of trouble.
You are so responsible
Hey, that's right, bro
I have something I want to discuss with you.
Is it about the wedding of two children?
Ouch.
We two brothers can be regarded as heart-to-heart?
The last wedding of two children was ruined
It didn't work out. I've been meaning to do it for them again.
At that time, I have to trouble my brother to go to Binhai again
Ah hahahahaha
What's the trouble with my grandson's wedding?
Don't worry, I will definitely go then.
Okay, okay, that's a deal.